lots of party people Scott Adam gone
here with androidpit.com and today we're
having looked back over what happened at
CES this year and it's all finished for
the press all the presentations have
been done and some of the more notable
things that happened for one the twelve
hundred dollar sony mp3 player gotta
look out for that one also the LG G flex
2 I suppose this was the real highlight
of the show sequel to last year's LG G
flex which wasn't greatly received and
in reviews however this time it seems
like LG haven't really good go with the
G flex 2 it's got a snapdragon 810
processor the first smartphone to use
this and we're going to see on a whole
bunch of devices this year and it seems
to be every bit as good as the LG g3
except the display is full HD rather
than qhd the benefits of qhd may or may
not have been overstated anyway so how
big an effect on impact this is going to
have on the overall quality we don't
know apart from that better processor
saying camera technology and it seems
like the real deal I'm looking forward
playing around with it LG also unveiled
the LG a car or a call the first
smartphone with personality yeah you can
check that one out if you want asus also
showed us the zenfone 2 and 2 mid-range
smartphone the first one to curry for
gigabyte of ram one was going to be the
first I'm sure with c4 gigabyte of RAM
on a number of other devices this year
sony have introduced an old steel
version of the SmartWatch 3 that's the
SmartWatch that's run on Android wear
with the style own GPS and in this
latest version it's all steel yeah all
steel version unfortunately we didn't
see the samsung galaxy s6 and there was
rumors that it's been shown to a select
few VIPs at the show and but the only
thing we saw from Samsung really of note
was the a3 and a5 smartphones which are
like entry-level smartphones and being
released in
India some other parts of Asia and as
far as we can tell they look like pretty
solid devices quad-core processors one
or two gigabytes of RAM depending on
which version and Samsung taking a stab
at that markup and yeah why not alcatel
are releasing a series of smartwatches
going on the ingenious name of watch and
they're not running out Android wear but
they are compatible with Android
smartphones and they seem pretty
affordable at 149 US dollars if you are
going to buy SmartWatch probably best to
stay at the cheaper end of the scale
because at the moment they are bit
rubbish on they still waiting for the
the real small watches to come in aside
from those fascinating products and
video also introduced a new mobile
superchip known as the Tegra x1 and this
is supposed to bring a console level
game into tablets and smartphones and
but as soon as the device comes out
which actually uses it and we're
thinking maybe a sequel to the Nvidia
shield tablet will come out at some
point the feature but we don't know yet
google revealed its plans for Android TV
and still plan on bringing television to
the living room two cars two small
watches and it's kind of like what we've
seen with the Nexus player last year
already and except this time is going to
be pre-installed on TVs and they're
already a number of TV manufacturers I
think on board and making TVs with you
know Android they are powered by Android
TV and apparently this is going to be a
far more interesting than Google TV was
and I'm looking forward to see what
happens there google also introduced us
to Google cast which is said to be like
chromecast for your ears and there are a
couple of devices from Acer the liquid
Jadis and the liquids at 410 and also
our cost gave us the our cost 50 diamond
and mid-range device that actually looks
quite nice and basically that was CES
and no Michael Bay this year fortunately
the next big event that we're looking
forward to will be mobile world
yes that's happening i think in early
march and they were expecting to see the
LG g4 HTC hema they experience therefore
and the galaxy s6 they've all been
confirmed that all definitely going to
be there I'm just kidding but we are
hoping to see some their devices there
were at CES you can read our full CES
roundup article that's in the
description below thanks very much for
watching and until next time see you